During a job interview at the 99 Cents store, my son was asked, “Where do you see yourself in five years?” My son’s reply: “At the Dollar Store.” He got...
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus
What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back? A stick.
What does a cloud wear under his raincoat? Thunderwear.
Two pickles fell out of a jar onto the floor. What did one say to the other? Dill with it.
What time is it when the clock strikes 13? Time to get a new clock.
How does a cucumber become a pickle? It goes through a jarring experience.
What did one toilet say to the other? You look a bit flushed.
What do you think of that new diner on the moon? Food was good, but there really wasn’t much atmosphere.
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken wasn’t born yet.
Why can’t Elsa from Frozen have a balloon? Because she will "let it go, let it go."
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
Why did the kid bring a ladder to school? Because she wanted to go to high school.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
Where would you find an elephant? The same place you lost her.
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
What do you call two birds in love? Tweethearts
How does a scientist freshen her breath? With experi-mints.
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night.
What building in your town has the most stories? The public library.
What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm.
What is a computer's favorite snack? Computer chips.
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you.
How do we know that the ocean is friendly? It waves.
What is a tornado’s favorite game to play? Twister.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How do you talk to a giant? Use big words.
What did the ocean say to the pirate? Nothing, it just waved.
Why don’t pirates shower before they walk the plank? Because they’ll just wash up on shore later.
What happened when Bluebeard fell overboard in the Red Sea? He got marooned.
How did the pirate get his flag so cheaply? He bought it on sail.
What has 8 legs, 8 arms, and 8 eyes? 8 pirates.
How much does it cost a pirate to get his ears pierced? About a buck an ear.
Why is pirating so addictive? They say once ye lose yer first hand, ye get hooked.
How do pirates know that they are pirates? They think, therefore they arrr.
What is a cat's favorite color? Purrr-ple.
What song does a cat like best?Three Blind Mice.
Where did the school kittens go for their field trip? To the mew-seum.
What kind of kitten works for the Red Cross? A first-aid kit.
